listen we had an entire franchise of a
guy who truly bonded with a girl a
lifetime series about a legit psychopath
that's getting his second season a real
life story turned into a podcast turn
into a TV series it got more hype along
the way of a dude who's also Bundy like
and tried screwing over this family we
got several Manson movies coming out
just this year oscar-winning Octavia
Spencer even dipping their toes into the
mix there are so many movies and TV
shows about Psychopaths out there that
it's become a legit thriving genre
there are podcast talking about
real-life murders documentaries all
hosted by blue apron every weekend
violence pretty much is selling more
than sex right now and there's one thing
out there that's combining the two with
this movie called extremely wicked
shockingly evil and vile which I
personally feel is doing something
different that a lot of people have
accused it of being let me explain so I
had got this one back in January during
Sundance and there was a huge uproar
happening online because the trailer had
just dropped and I'll agree that the
editing for the trailer was a little bit
off it wasn't the best representation
but nothing's funnier than people
reviewing movies they haven't seen a lot
of people said the movie should be more
like the Netflix documentary series now
realizing it's from the same people who
made the Netflix documentary series
I heard others say that these violent
acts shouldn't even be portrayed on the
screen not realizing they weren't gonna
be portrayed on the screen but I think
the biggest one is what truly affects
how you see the movie it's the literal
perception of the film and that was
people complaining that it wasn't
respecting the victims viewpoints not
realizing it's based off of the victims
viewpoints it's her story she is getting
compensated for it she was on the
literal set giving advice so I don't
know who these people that said I'm not
defending the whole movie just the
obvious cuz to me it's still a low-rent
it for the fact that the movie doesn't
say consistent or at least gets the
biggest punch that I feel I could have
got the whole perspective of the movie
is supposed to be from Liz's viewpoints
that's why it comes off as a romantic
thriller it's literally taking from
pieces of her novel with the message
being according to the director that
it's supposed to be a warning for people
obviously you can tell people to be
careful about things but I've always
felt that movies are the best way to
portray that on screen and that's what a
director thought when he no
that his daughters had no idea who Bundy
was and considering that his daughters
are living in an age where they can get
catfished from home he went to work so
that idea of casting a hot Rob that's
beloved by a certain demographic you
know a guy who people follow like he's
the second coming of Christ he's still
Troy Bolton to them to cast that person
who they automatically have trust in and
then flip that on its head is the exact
message you want to get out there when
it comes to Ted Bundy who did just that
it's kind of like the Matt Damon
technique that we've been seeing in a
lot of movies where they have him appear
like super late in the film and you had
no idea was in there as almost like a
cameo and the reason for that is because
seeing Matt Damon has a certain impact a
familiarity that a random extra or
smaller actor wouldn't be able to get
across so for Zac Efron to take a role
like this give his best performance and
my opinion if that means anything but
also supposedly taking a ninety-nine
percent pay cut the other day I their
promise Troy and Oscar or he's got his
head in the game the director himself
has also come out talking about the
responsibilities he feels he should have
when making these crime dramas which I
don't know how many of y'all remember
pain and game-winner Michael Bay did the
complete opposite where he directed the
deaths of real people as if it was an
SNL skit was whole it was supposed to be
funny
like the family of those victims are
still very much alive from this tragedy
that these two buffoons did that for two
weeks every theater in America was
laughing at their loved ones deaths
Newsweek calls pain & gain outrageously
entertaining so if we're talking about a
guy who's trying to do the complete
opposite this is a dude who walks it
like he talks it he has a series called
Paradise Lost that actually helped free
three innocent people from prison so
again you can definitely judge the movie
and critique it it could be completely
bland its Arendt sit for me but every
time I see people assuming the
filmmakers and crews intentions I'm like
what do you mean so knowing that it's
from her perspective it does make things
a little scary you know they don't
really show Ted brutally killing anyone
which people for some reason complained
about and you know they would have
complained about it if he did kill
someone so it's a damned if you do
damned if you don't
but the purpose for that is that it
keeps Liz's character on edge she has no
idea it's a wild ride where at one point
she even blames herself because she
after police about him and at one point
I was sitting there with the audience
and all of us were kind of thinking is
is Ted innocent again I 100% get why
people don't want to get into that mind
state even though you know that's the
mind state that everyone was in during
the trial especially for Liz but I mean
look at those eyes you know he is the
greatest showman if anyone could pull
off the Ted Bundy on screen it would
have been someone like Zac Efron this
guy is so smooth with his excuses even
when they don't make any sense Oh what
was that for how many stop signs did you
run I didn't tell you because I didn't
want you to freak out Oh Oh cos eating
the papers would have been a better
outside right in fact there were people
fighting for Ted hi stranger
what are you doing here do you live in
Utah no we just got engaged so and he's
smooth enough to get out of every
scenario the craziest part about it is
that Ted does nice things and I think
that's what's been the hardest part for
people to embrace because it's easy when
the villains are fictional right you can
create sympathy for those easily and it
flushes them out it adds layers if you
will for Joker and Bannos but when the
person is real when they've hurt real
people it's way harder for people to get
into that mind state crucial though I
believe because you don't want
characters that are one-sided and you
don't want something that's gonna strip
away the scariest parts because
realizing that they're human realizing
that they did all these atrocities and
they still took care of a little girl
had a long-term girlfriend paid taxes
people owed him favors that's where you
realize that while some people want
things to be black and white opening up
your eyes and seeing that it's someone
who's in your own neighborhood who can
hurt you
that should be getting your guard up
including this man who went to court
dressed better than a groom on his
wedding day I literally just autographed
my own wanted poster
Ted even had a girlfriend while he was
inside and those are the moments where
we shift to his perspective which every
rose is taken away from Liz's idea you
know her viewpoint but you quickly
realize that it's because they're
playing with perception Carol's big push
was to counter all the negativity and to
create a narrative through the reporters
and she did it why this case was
televised still to this day is beyond me
but it's hilarious when people question
why today in 2019 there's such a big
craving for crime serials when they
televise this in place of other shows in
other words they practically pitch this
as entertainment for people to follow
along with point being if it was that
easy to manipulate perception back in
the 80s that some people were defending
Bundy people defended OJ can you imagine
what's going on during this digital age
during the age of outrage because it
makes it about getting ratings not about
getting the truth again I know there's
going to be way more incarnations of the
story in informs a different media this
one may only be a rented for me but if
it reminds people not to be bozos and to
keep the guards up it so be it
it's an insane story of a guy who had
mad conjugals created his own courtroom
drama proposed in that same courtroom
and considering all the nasty things
that he did and the big persona that he
became obviously there's going to be
people who feel strongly about it but if
I may let me explain the difference
between a movie like extremely wicked
and what's possibly the worst movie I've
seen this year I guess you could say I
live in a fairy tale world looking at
everything through rose-colored glasses
see it's easy to go with the flow when
people are complaining again some people
want to fit in so bad they talk about a
movie they haven't even seen but as
someone who's seen 260 movie this year
whenever I hear people say that a big
blockbuster or you know like a really
big movie is the worst thing they've
ever seen
I usually recommend them to watch more
than 10 movies because it's rare for me
to really hate a movie like I'm
disappointed all the time but being mad
at a movie like I say things are goofy
or they may not be the best but it's
very rare that I want to collect all of
the Infinity stones to go back in time
to make sure that a movie was never
directed I rarely take my hyperboles to
11 but this will be called the haunting
of Sharon Tate is by far the worst movie
I've seen in 2019 I didn't even want to
give it its own thing I don't want to
put all that negativity out
but you guys know it's rare for me to
give something a coaster rating where
it's so bad the only thing you should be
doing with that DVD is using it as a
coaster I see a lot of bad movies but
this is an abomination those who don't
know as this horror thriller genre based
off real events keeps growing you start
getting people who are turning real
victims stories into fantasies or in
this case hauntings if you're not aware
Sharon Tate was a famous actress who was
married to director Roman Polanski a
bunch of issues there but she was eight
and a half months pregnant when Charles
Manson and his cult broke into their
house and killed Tate her unborn child
and her friends and this student made a
movie about well what if Sharon had
visions like that's so raven about the
murders boy what now yeah there is
another movie coming out this year also
about the Manson murders that's directed
by Quentin Tarantino and I'm sure a lot
of people gonna hate that one but that
one at least got the blessing of the
family and if I may get my little theory
here I think he's gonna go all
inglorious basterds and kind of switch
history it's gonna be one where tape
maybe survives and they do take down
Manson but not only does this guy for
this movie pitch it is an empowering
alternate version which does kid during
those events even know what happened I
don't know but if we're contrasting what
extremely wicked did all this guy did
with the visions gimmick he wanted to do
was repeatedly brutally show Sharon and
her friends getting murdered over and
over again more than once I don't know
what the goal was there even at the end
it's some weird fantasy where they do
kill the murderers but then the Sun
comes up and they're standing over their
own dead bodies it's the most selfish
film I've ever seen now the only reason
I'm speaking about intentions here is
because he literally wrote a letter to
Sharon Tate's sister after the entire
stay practically told them don't make
this movie this man had the audacity to
tell the family of the victim that her
story was also his story that surely you
may have lost a sister but you gotta
understand I felt away when I saw it on
the news and I feel haunted like this
dude had so many eyes going on in this
thing that it was just like I wanted to
give them a chance
one of my favorite quotes I truly wish I
just wanted everyone in this room is now
Dumber for having listened to it he's
even got a whole point where he's
talking about the what what if she had
been able to escape what if she'd been
able to but what if you asked for
permission and did it make something
that other people who are literal
victims that I want you to make you know
this is where movies become terrible for
me forget the bad acting that is in
there
the clumsy cinematography that's there
even the bad script think about how
ignorant your movie has to be when you
don't pay attention to the literal
subject of your film then it turns out
this man is making a Nicole Simpson one
I swear to thank you guys for checking
out this video I'm curious to know your
thoughts down below in the comment
section and a shout out to those who
bashed extremely wicked and didn't say
anything about this other one which is a
true bad movie in fact real big
shout-out to the ones who gave positive
reviews to Sharon Tate's movie and try
talking smack about her that makes
absolutely no sense to me again
certainly wick is just a movie it makes
it's not the biggest story out there it
doesn't make up for the actual murders
but I think a lot of people are adding
in tension whether or not really there I
think it could still be a cautionary
tale and I think that some people
complain about certain things and then
for a completely different movie they're
okay with it again just to rent it for
me interesting performances I thought
that they both Lily Collins and Zac
Efron gave some of their best
performances it was in the last couple
years I know a lot of people don't think
that they're the best actors but I
thought they did a good job
I thought I was interesting that the
Metallica guy I'm not the biggest
Metallica fan so apologize to those who
may be angry here but a little tidbit he
was in the movie he was actually playing
a sheriff so that I thought was pretty
interesting I'm here star guys thoughts
down below in the comment section again
I also really wanted to talk about how
bad shared the haunting of Sharon Tate
was I didn't want to make a whole video
cuz I'm just giving the movie more
attention but I figured here within this
video was the perfect chance to talk
about it you do not watch that movie do
not watch it illegal I was recording
this realize that he has another one
that he's making it but I have no idea
what's wrong with this dude right here
you guys know I don't complain that much
about bad movies I take
bad movies and try to make something
entertaining since you guys may have
felt you already wasted your two hours
I'm not gonna be boring with my videos
but when it comes to a movie like that
yo yeah that's a bad move guys a
terrible movie and then I'm curious to
know you gots thoughts down below in the
comment section I already know you guys
comment liked and subscribed because I
always bet on